c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe.config
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\OpenSpotify.pdb
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.g.resources
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.exe
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\obj\Debug\OpenSpotify.pdb
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.dll
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.pdb
c:\users\valon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenSpotify\OpenSpotify\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.xml
